5/26/14 Jonathan wants to make Solitaire. 
5/27/14 We reproposed to make Slap Jack instead. Emailed Mr. Brown.
5/28/14 Talked to Mr. Brown and need to figure out data structure(pros/cons). Also, need to think about stretch goals for our next meeting.
        We decided to have the discard pile be an ArrayList while the player hands will be queues. The ArrayList will randomly be chosen to be
        added to the bottom of the queue. 
        We also need to decide the "slap" and how it will work wheater it is time based or probability based.
        Stretch Goals Brainstorm: Multiple players on the same keyboard/computer. 
                                  Special game modes. (More Deck Cards, chance of drawing spec. events, increased range of numbers)
                                  Combine with other games? (Crazy 8s)
        Need component breakdown, UML, sequential to-do list.
5/29/14 Today we are creatin the card class. It will have ints for the value and string for the suits for instance variables. 
        Stretch goal achieved! We are making two card games in our project. One will be slapjack and the other will be crazy eights. 
        Crazy eights is the playing cards version of the classic game uno. We chose to create crazy eights instead of uno so that we can 
        incorporate the same card class and similiar methods for both card games. We will give the user the option of which game to play
        in the beginning of the code . 
        Gavin makes the initial Card and Deck classes which are run by Driver. The Deck can be shuffled.
5/30/14 Additional coding continues today with the Hand class which is going to be the queue. UML diagram is being made and will be
completed.
        
6/2/14 Today we worked on the code for CrazyEights focusing mainly on the turn method and what to do when the player has a valid
        card and when he or she doesn't. We also worked on a deal method. 
6/3/14 Gavin worked on shuffling and passing out cards, and printing out the hand or deck. Johnathan finished the main driver with the help of Ivan.
6/4/14 Gavin made the commandline version of SlapJack, but doesn't work because a toString method removes the elements from the Player hand.
        
